topic (DOCS-CODE-001): [readme] apply styling guidelines (#8)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-csharp: src/protect-api/README.md

<!-- TODO: IMAGE or CONSOLE OUTPUT of running/executed app -->

> :page_with_curl: This sample application backs one or more technical articles on docs.microsoft.com. <!-- TODO: Link to first tutorial in series when published. -->

## Prerequisites

1. An Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant. You can [open an Azure account for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/free) to get an Azure AD instance.

> 1. [.NET 6.0 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0)

Reviewer: I think Marsh requested these be an unordered list.

Author: thanks for feedback @ckittel,

done | addressed from [bed1e](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-csharp/pull/8/commits/bed1e42ab9247a88ee347495fe6a58c4672b63f5)

   ```bash
   az ad app update --id $AZURE_AD_APP_CLIENT_ID_MINIMAL_API --identifier-uris "api://${AZURE_AD_APP_CLIENT_ID_MINIMAL_API}" --set oauth2Permissions=@forescast.read.json
   ```
</details>

### 2. Configure the web API

> 1. Open the `Api.csrpoj` under the the `protect-api` folder in your code editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open the `Api.csproj` under the the `protect-api` folder in your code editor.
```

>    :book: Since the request is sent without a Bearer Token, it is expected to receive an Unauthorized response `401`. The web API is now protected

Reviewer 2: Nit

```suggestion
   :information_source: Since the request is sent without a Bearer Token, it is expected to receive an Unauthorized response `401`. The web API is now protected
```

└──────────────────────────────────┘                               └─────────────────────────────┘

Scenario:

An (ASP.NET Core) web app that allows users to sign in enables the possibility of acquiring and validating their tokens for specific audiences and scopes.

Later the web app can make calls to protected Apis in the name of the signed-in users.
```

:link: For more information about how to protect your projects, please let's take a look at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/sample-v2-code. To know more about how this sample has been generated, please visit https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/tutorials/min-web-api?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=visual-studio-code

## Reporting problems

### Sample app not working?

If you can't get the sample working, you've checked [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/msal), and you've already searched the issues in this sample's repository, open an issue report the problem.

1. Search the [GitHub issues](../../../../issues) in the repository - your problem might already have been reported or have an answer.

> 1. Nothing similar? [Open an issue](LINK_HERE) that clearly explains the problem you're having running the sample app.

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but you should be able to build these URLs based on where this exists in the directory structure instead of leaving these placeholders here.

Author: thanks for the feedback @ckittel 

done | addressed from [10fff](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-csharp/pull/8/commits/10fffaebef979814f4b39e28b8147f041d774e34)
